Add config option to search all known platforms (#435)
tealdeer-rs/tealdeer: docs/src/config_search.md

    [search]
    # Show pages in German if available, otherwise show in English
    languages = ["de", "en"]

> ## `try_all_platforms`
> 
> Whether or not all known platforms should be tried when searching for pages.
> For example, pages for Windows would also be found when running on Linux.
> By default, this setting is `true`.
> 
>     [search]
>     # Don't use extra platforms in search
>     try_all_platforms = false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `search_other_platforms`

If tealdeer can’t find a page for the user’s current platform, it will try looking on other platforms instead.
For instance, when running on Linux, if no Linux-specific page exists, tealdeer will fall back to searching for a Windows page.

This option is enabled by default (true).

    [search]
    # Restrict search to the current platform only
    search_other_platforms = false
```

This might read a bit better.

Author: Fair enough! What do you think about `include_all_platforms` as a middle ground?

Or maybe I will just implement something like `platforms = ["all"]` and close the other issue as well. I guess this would make the most sense since we want to have some kind of search.platforms setting anyways

Reviewer: I like this idea!
